# Human-like Password Generator
This repository has an implementation of password generator that created passwords similar to the way humans do.

**Warning! if You found this repository by accident, do not use it's contents to generate passwords for your real accounts. It's purpose it to show how predictable human passwords are.**
## Password Types
This generator can create any of 4 types of passwords:
1. *A Popular Password* - A password that is among Top 100 most common passwords (Generated 5-10% of the time).
2. *Relatively Popular Password* - A password that is among the first million of popular passwords (Generated 50-90% of the time). Keep in mind that passwords from the first category may appear here although the odds are pretty low.
3. *Absolutely random password* - A password generated randomly but with the intension that Human can remember it (Generated 1-5% of the time).
4. *Random Humanlike Password* - It's a password that resembles one that regular Human could come up with (All the rest passwords belong to this category).

Take into consideration that the percentage of password distribution into categories is random all the time but it never leaves the boundaries stated above.
## Password Generation Rules
The Passwords from the second and third are generated by a special set of rules in order to simulate the way humans create passwords.

### Absolutely random password
Passwords in this category are supposed to be random enough to be more or less random but not too obscure for remembering.
They consist of random pairs and trios of letters thate are the most common in english language. To be more precise, I took 300 most popular pairs of Letters in English Language and 100 Most popular trios of letters. The passwords are generated from randomly taken trios and pairs with occasional special characters and numbers between them. Some letters are put to upper case. 

Possible Special Characters are:
`!@#$%^&*()_+=-{}[]:;\"\'|\\/?><.,0123456789`

Example of "Absoultely random Password": `AcForRw88]\Ic[1efatewiT|`
### Random Humanlike Password
Passwords in this group are built from biggel language blocks - words! To generate a password from this category, Program uses the lists of common *Nouns, Werbs* and *Adwerbs*. A program takes a randm  word from any of those list. With a chance int can put any of the following symbols in between those words: `_-=.,` but there may be no symbol between the words too. The Final step is substituting a few letters with special characters that resemble the letter (Usually it substitutes about 10 percent of letters).

Examples of the passwords:
`d0ggo_sh@rp` `elbow<heap|y` `$toutly-a7tra(tive`

List Of Possible Substitutions:

- a:   `@ ^`
- b:   `&`
- c:   `?, (, <, 6`
- d:   `&, |`
- e:   `6, ~`
- f:   `7 `
- g:   `&, 9`
- h:   `4, |`
- i:   `!, \,`
- j:   `/, \`
- k:   `/, <, {`
- l:   `|`
- m:   `#`
- n:   `^`
- o:   `@, 0`
- p:   `9 `
- q:   `2, 6`
- r:   `7 `
- s:   `2, ~, $`
- t:   `7, -`
- u:   `[, ]:`
- v:   `{ ^`
- w:   `#`
- x:   `*, |`
- y:   `/`
- z:   `], $`
